
=head1 NAME

MAX - Munich Attributation System for Unix

=head1 VERSION

@V@

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<max>
[B<-P>]
[B<-E>]
[B<-D> I<name>=I<value>]
[B<-I> I<directory>]
[B<-p>]
[B<-t>]
[B<-T>]
[B<-W>]
[B<-O> I<level>]
[B<-y> I<type>]
[B<-f>]
[B<-m>]
[B<-b>]
I<specfile>.m

=head1 DESCRIPTION

MAX is a system which supports programming language specification and
implementation. It is a generator for analyzers of abstract syntax trees which
is programmed via a functional language providing tree definition, attributes,
functions and conditions.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-P>

This enables the MAX preprocessor pass. MAX uses the program F<mpp> as its
preprocessor which is an adapted F<cpp> from the GNU C Compiler. MAX provides
full support  for the line control of the preprocessor.

=item B<-E>

Stop processing after the preprocessor phase. The output is sent
to STDOUT.

=item B<-D> I<name>=I<value>

Sets the preprocessor variable I<name> to I<value>.
This option can occur more than once.

=item B<-I> I<directory>

Specify a directory which is searched on include files (directive C<#include>
of the preprocessor). This option can occur more than once.

=item B<-p>

Print the estimated value-terms of functions and attributes at end
of processing.

=item B<-t>

Print the syntax tree at end of processing.

=item B<-T>

Enable the type checking. Use this option while developing, it is extremely
essential for writing correct code.

=item B<-W>

Enable warnings on type checking.

=item B<-O> I<level>

Specifies the optimization level. The following values for I<level>
are available:

  0: optimize without strategy, without partial evaluation
  1: optimize without strategy, with    partial evaluation
  2: optimize with    strategy, without partial evaluation
  3: optimize with    strategy, with    partial evaluation

=item B<-y> I<type>

Create scanner and parser for either the abstract (I<type>=C<a>) or concrete
(I<type>=C<c>) syntax tree.

=item B<-f> 

Additionally generate a frame program source containing a suitable
F<main> function.

=item B<-m> 

Additionally generate a F<Makefile>.

=item B<-b> 

This calls the MAX browser at the end of internal processing.
Only for debugging the MAX system itself.

=item B<-X> I<prefix>

Rename the external symbols used in MAX so that they start with
I<prefix>. For example, if you use B<-X MAX_>, the names
I<ID>, I<scope> and I<code> become I<MAX_ID>,
I<MAX_scope> and I<MAX_code>.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

 (C) 1993-1996 TU Muenchen,
 Lehrstuhl Informatik II,
 Prof. J. Eickel

=head1 SEE ALSO

lex(1), yacc(1)

=cut

